user-guide.md, before:

# A Guide to Working with Jason Andrada
![headshot](slack_photo.jpeg)

Brooklyn, NY (GMT-4)

Born July 20, 1994

Software Engineer, UX Designer

## Introduction
A core requirement for collaboration is establishing a sincere, genuine connection with the individual on the other side. This guide is meant to surface my most authentic professional self so that I, the engineer, and you, the reader, can most effectively communicate and collaborate.

## How I View Success

## How I Communicate
My personal ethos involves always assuming positive intent when communicating with someone, regardless of communcation medium. When reading messages sent over slack or email, things like tone, voice, and subtext can and will get lost. 

## Things I Do that May Annoy You

## What Gains My Trust

## What Loses My Trust

## My Strengths

## My Growth Areas

## Subjective Measures of Collaboration

## How I Give and Receive Feedback

My preference for giving and receiving feedback will always be in a synchronous face-to-face conversation, followed by a written summary and reasonable action items sent post-meeting. I know how much can get lost over text, and I believe that reading something anonymous will always elicit a stronger instinctual, emotional response than something delivered with a face attached to it. I know that this may not always be feasible or reasonable all the time, and asynchronous written is usually faster and more readily available, but I do prefer synchronous meetings when and where they are available.

I will never hesitate to give shout outs or sing praises when I see someone performing well or accomplishing their goals. I will always give credit where credit is due, both publicly and privately, and it gives me great joy to recognize when others are succeeding.

As I said in an earlier section, I will always assume positive intent, and so I ask that people do the same for me when I deliver feedback that is more on the critical side. I will never intentionally try to denigrate or disparage another coworker's efforts, as I always believe that people give their best shot at whatever they are attempting, and any critical feedback that I deliver will always begin with clarifying questions about what the intent was. I try to first understand context, and then I provide an observation by communicating what I experienced, how I perceived its impact, and then end with how I believe it can be improved or avoided next time.

## My Reference Books

* [Refactoring UI](https://www.refactoringui.com/) is a wonderful first step into design fundamentals that served as my introduction to UX Design principles. My main takeaway from it was to systematize as many aspects of your design as possible (colors, font sizes, spacings, etc) by using standardized base values and scaling them up or down as needed.

* [Envisioning Information](https://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/books_ei)

* [The Visual Display of Quantitative Information](https://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/books_vdqi)

Commit message:

flesh out user guide more

user-guide.md, after:

# A Guide to Working with Jason Andrada
![headshot](slack_photo.jpeg)

Brooklyn, NY (GMT-4)

Born July 20, 1994

Software Engineer, UX Designer

## Introduction
A core requirement for collaboration is establishing a sincere, genuine connection with the individual on the other side. This guide is meant to surface my most authentic professional self so that I, the engineer, and you, the reader, can most effectively communicate and collaborate.

## How I View Success

## How I Communicate
My personal ethos involves always assuming positive intent when communicating with someone, regardless of communcation medium. When reading messages sent over slack or email, things like tone, voice, and subtext can and will get lost. I know that I have to work extra hard when communicating over text to ensure that I am not accidentally allowing my unconscious biases to stop me from assuming positive intent because there are so many ways to read one sentence. 

For example, the phrase "I never said I love you" has six different meanings depending on which word in the sentence you emphasize. This is why I strive to make myself available to explain anything that I send over text, whether in a slack message or email, if needed. I do my best to also ask for clarification as needed on my end. My initial reaction will always be to look past any initial negative reaction to reading something and give the benefit of the doubt and try to glean more information to ensure that I am not misinterpreting someone or misrepresenting their words. 

## My Strengths

## My Growth Areas

## Subjective Measures of Collaboration

## How I Give and Receive Feedback

My preference for giving and receiving feedback will always be in a synchronous face-to-face conversation, followed by a written summary and reasonable action items sent post-meeting. I know how much can get lost over text, and I believe that reading something anonymous will always elicit a stronger instinctual, emotional response than something delivered with a face attached to it. I know that this may not always be feasible or reasonable all the time, and asynchronous written is usually faster and more readily available, but I do prefer synchronous meetings when and where they are available.

I will never hesitate to give shout outs or sing praises when I see someone performing well or accomplishing their goals. I will always give credit where credit is due, both publicly and privately, and it gives me great joy to recognize when others are succeeding.

As I said in an earlier section, I will always assume positive intent, and so I ask that people do the same for me when I deliver feedback that is more on the critical side. I will never intentionally try to denigrate or disparage another coworker's efforts, as I always believe that people give their best shot at whatever they are attempting, and any critical feedback that I deliver will always begin with clarifying questions about what the intent was. I try to first understand context, and then I provide an observation by communicating what I experienced, how I perceived its impact, and then end with how I believe it can be improved or avoided next time.

## My Reference Books

* [Refactoring UI](https://www.refactoringui.com/) is a wonderful first step into design fundamentals that served as my introduction to UX Design principles. My main takeaway from it was to systematize as many aspects of your design as possible (colors, font sizes, spacings, etc) by using standardized base values and scaling them up or down as needed.

* [Envisioning Information](https://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/books_ei)

* [The Visual Display of Quantitative Information](https://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/books_vdqi)
